>> Mathew DesLauriers: Okay, so during
our break I had a couple quick questions.
One of them is that if
you are finding yourself
in a situation where you can't
affect your scene by lights,
some things to try would be to see
what the material is of your mesh.
So in this example here,
we have mesh basic material,
which means that the cubes are not going
to be picked up by lighting information.
So actually just by changing that to mesh
standard material, all of a sudden now
we're going to get lighting
information like shadows and shading.
And then just to make sure that everything
is added to the scene as well, and
that kind of stuff.
And then one of the questions that came
up is what's difference between WebGL and
Three.js.
And what's the relationship?
And that's a good question.
So basically WebGL is the technology
underneath the hood of Three.js
that allows us to create these kind of
3D in interesting graphical scenes.
And if you were just
to use WebGL directly.
Then you're gonna have to
use a lot of boiler plate,
because it doesn't really give
you something like a cube or
a sphere, it just gives you information
about vertex attributes and
all these complicated things, and
you have to actually do all the math, and
you have to do all the sort of set
up in the boiler plate to say okay,
a cube is made up of this many vertices or
spheres made up this many vertices.
And you have to do everything manually.
So most of the time when we work
with WebGL because it's too kind of
tedious to write all that from
scratch every single time,
we end up creating libraries and
frameworks that help us out.
And so there's some libraries that
are based on WebGL, like Three.js.
That are really good for 3D stuff, and
then there's some libraries like
PixiJS which is more for 2D.
You can still use it for
3D as well, or like 2.5D.
And then there's others like 2JS which
is another two-dimensional library,
but designed on top of WebGL.
P5JS also has a WebGL
sort of support in it.
So there's always different frameworks.
Quite often they end up using WebGL
because the performance of WebGL is much
better than canvas 2D.
And so
it's really just a way of interacting
with our GPUs on our machines and
allowing us to get like the most graphical
power out of the computer as possible.
And so, sometimes you can
actually use WebGL for like,
totally non-graphical things as well.
Like, I think some Bitcoin mining
stuff is using WebGL sometimes.
And same with like, audioshares,
and stuff like that.
So yeah, it's a really big ecosystem and
Three.js is really just
one little part of it.
But it is probably one
of the more standard or
one of the more popular 3D
frameworks in WebGL frameworks.